README.md, before:

# Game Backend Developer Assignment

This repository contains the boilerplate code for a coding assignment.
You have received 4 assignment tasks in a separate PDF by email.

## Disclaimer

*This boilerplate code is intentionally sloppy and incomplete.
Follow best practices, identify the flaws and improve the code where you see fit.*

## Preparation

- Download and install the [Firebase CLI](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli)
- Download this repository as a zip (don't fork or clone) and commit the initial state to a new public repository of your choice (e.g. on Github).
- Commit your changes in meaningful units and speaking commit messages


## We have provided the boilerplate for:
1. The Firebase scaffolding to run in the Firebase Emulator
2. A `functions/` folder for cloud function endpoints based on express
   - Currently just one endpoint to fetch games
3. An `admin/` folder for an Admin frontend based on React and ant.design
   - Currently just the Layout and the Table view of existing games
      with a hardwired table content directly imported from a JSON file
4. The `games.json` file to seed a Firestore database (the same JSON file
   that's currently imported directly in the frontend)

*Note: Check the package.json scripts in the `functions/` and `admin/` folders*


## We will evaluate your submission by:

1. Cloning your repository
2. Reviewing your code
3. Running the package json scripts mentioned in the assignment PDF

Commit message:

[docs] project: Update the docs with development and usage guidelines

README.md, after:

# Softg Games Manager

This project provides a backoffice for managing games data. It has the following features:

- Web Admin for Create, Update, Delete and List available games
- A tool for importing data from a JSON file into Firestore


# Local Development

This project requires the following tools:

- Node package manager (NPM)
- [Firebase CLI](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli)
- REST Client (VS Code Externsion) for executing the test request from `functions/http-requests`
- Docker CLI / Docker Server

> Before anything else, initialize the projects at the root, `functions` and `admin` by running `npm i` commands.


## Commands

The following commands are available from the project root:

- `serve` - builds the frontend and backend and serve them via firebase emulator
- `buildImage` - builds a docker-image to execute the whole application inside a container
- `start` - starts the docker image built using `buildImage`
  - The frontend should be accessible at the URL `http://127.0.0.1:5002/`
- `seed` - loads data from `games.json` into the firestore database

The commands `buildImage`, `start` and `seed` can be executed in order so we can have the solution running over docker and loaded with testing data.

## Commits

This project follows Conventional Commits for writting semantic commits messages.

- https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#specification
- https://callmeryan.medium.com/semantic-commit-messages-bcd60f75de1f
